Olga Sirotinsky
Assignment: My Scene (Standard) written report

- SetLocation "works to expectations" for MyHouse and MyTree with no 
additional coding because the underlying component sizes are set for each
object. Because MyTree and MyHouse have "is-a" relationships with
NscComponent we are moving the object with the inherited location method. 
- setSize does not "work to expectations" because the setSize is changing
the size of the underlying component that is holding the graphic object not
the graphic object inside the component.
- for change3 to work the MyTree and MyHouse would have to update not only 
the size of the component but also the dimensions of the graphics themselves. 
ex: MyTree would have to update the size of the rectangle used for the trunk as well 
as the triangle used for the leaves. After those are updated the component is changed to fit 
those dimensions.


REPORT
- I approached this assignment first by doing the minimal version. This allowed me to 
test the Myhouse first and use that program as a sample for MyTree. 

- The design decision made was to use fields instead of locals it made it easier
to update within each method. No return values were used. Parameters were used
for each method in order to call them in myScene main method.  

- This project didn't give me any grief. The setSize method 
in change3 is trickier than it sounds. There has to be an 
inherited method from component that might give a short cut. I understand what
need to be done but the execution of it seems harder than it should be. 

- The only problems that I encountered were to making sure I read the entire
assignment before moving too far ahead. Sometimes I read a portion of it and
start the project and go back to find I did the wrong portion. For example I 
was moving the houses instead of the tree locations at first. 

- In this assignment I gained a bit more experience with working with 
objects. Using graphics in learning inheritance and OOP makes sense to me. 

 
